UEM New Logo 

University of Engineering & Management, Kolkata
Course: B.Tech (CSE / CSE(AIML) / CSE(IOT-CYS-BCT)
Semester: 3rd        
                Paper Name: Data Structure & Algorithm Laboratory
Paper Code: PCC - CS391
Date of Assignment- .08.2022
Date of Submission - .08.2022
Section: 
                                                                


Assignment – IV
(All programs to be implemented in C)

Topic : Single linked list
1. Write a C program to reverse an already created single linked list.
Mention the necessary algorithm.        
2. Write a C program to merge two already sorted list.  
Mention the necessary algorithm.
3. Given a singly linked list of size N. The task is to left-shift the linked list by k nodes, where k is a given positive integer smaller than or equal to length of the linked list.
4. Write a C program to perform addition of two polynomials using linked list.
5. Given a singly linked list of size N. The task is to swap elements in the linked list pairwise. For example, if the input list is 1 2 3 4, the resulting list after swaps will be 2 1 4 3. 
6. Write a C program to detect a loop in a single linked list.
7. Write a C program to perform multiplication of two polynomials using linked list.
8. Write a C program to implement the concept of stack using single linked list.
9. Write a C program to implement the concept of queue using single linked list.
 






Assignment – IV
(All programs to be implemented using Python Language)

Topic : Single linked list
1. Write a program to reverse an already created single linked list.
2. Write a program to merge two already sorted list.  
3. Write a program to perform addition of two polynomials using linked list.
4. Given a singly linked list of size N. The task is to swap elements in the linked list pairwise. For example, if the input list is 1 2 3 4, the resulting list after swaps will be 2 1 4 3. 
5. Write a program to detect a loop in a single linked list.












Instruction:
1. Mention the following thing using A4 pages:
   a. Program Objective
   b. Algorithm (if it is asked)
   c. Program Code.
   d. Output




2. Handwritten assignment solutions are required. No printout is allowed.
3. Submit all the assignments using the channel file.
4. One Index page must be attached there.
5. Late submission will not be entertained. Maintain the deadline.